Implement absorption of pi/4 PPRs into PPMs (#1577)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

      . . .
    ```

* Commuting Clifford Pauli Product Rotation (PPR) operations to the end of a circuit, past non-Clifford PPRs, is now available through the :func:`~.catalyst.passes.commute_ppr` pass transform.
  [(#1563)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/1563)
  
  A PPR is a rotation gate of the form :math:`\exp{iP \theta}`, where :math:`P` is a Pauli word (a product of Pauli operators). Clifford PPRs refer to PPRs with :math:`\theta = \tfrac{\pi}{4}`, while non-Clifford PPRs have :math:`\theta = \tfrac{\pi}{8}`.

  
  Example:
  ```python
    @qjit(keep_intermediate=True)
    @pipeline({"to_ppr": {}, "commute_ppr": {}})
    @qml.qnode(qml.device("null.qubit", wires=1))
    def circuit():
        qml.H(0)
        qml.T(0)
        return measure(0)
    ```
  

>   The circuit program that generated from this pass is currrently not executable on any backend. For more information regarding to PPM, please refer to [(Pauli Product Measurement)](https://pennylane.ai/compilation/pauli-product-measurement)

Reviewer: This is already in https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/1563 🤔

Author: Yes, this is because this PR was initially pulled from #1563 while it was still in progress. It would accept the change in #1563 when merging. 😅

> * Absorbing Clifford Pauli Product Rotation (PPR) operations into the final Pauli Product Measurement (PPM) is not availble through the :func:`~.catalyst.passes.ppr_to_ppm` pass transform. The output from this pass consists of non-Clifford PPRs and PPMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Absorbing Clifford Pauli Product Rotation (PPR) operations into the final Pauli Product Measurement (PPM) is now available through the :func:`~.catalyst.passes.ppr_to_ppm` compilation pass transform. The output from this pass consists of non-Clifford PPRs and PPMs.
```
